Histogram based segmentation
goods: easy and fast
inconvenient: when the object that we are interested in has a variable brightness or in presence of shadows. This method won't
work that well.
The easiest way is to use the image threshold and percentile threshold, but it's very limited cause we often can't find the best 
threshold directly. There are two automated methods that we can use to find the best thresholds.
Both of these two methods begin by spliting the histogram in 2 distributions.
Optimal threshold tries to maximize the distance between the centroid of the two distributions by an iterative method.
While
Otsu threshold tries all possible thresholds and finds the one that maximize the inter-class variance while minimizing the
intra-class variance.

Otsu threshold suppose that the histogram contains 2 bell curves, which means 2 concentrated distribution.

Entropy threshold is that we find a threshold value that maximizes the total entropy (background and foreground) since
the entropy represents the infomation quantities.




Region based segmentation
! Homogeneity
!watershed
There are 2 basic forms of this method, region growing and split then merge.
Region growing  is that we start from a seed pixel in the object that we are interested in and let it grow towards the edge,
then we recruit the neighbour pixels.
Split and merge is that we split the image iteratively until every subpart is homogeneous, then we merge adjacent
homogeneous subparts. This homogeneity criterion can be evaluated by the variance, entropy or co-occurence matrix

The idea is to consider an image as an 2D and a half data, in which we consider the gray level as the altitude.
Then we look at the gradient of the image, the borders of the objects correspond to the crests of the gradient surface.
So in an image, there are multiple basins and in each basin we have a local minima, and the borders can be detected
each time then two adjacent basins are merging, we can add a virtual dam and it's the border.
advantage: sensitive to the borders.
limitations: over-segmentation since there could be two many re-+gions for each local minima.
solution: either use the pre-fiter image by using for example the median fiter or use marked watershed.
or merge adjacent basins which have similar gray level by labeling the remaining regions after removing unwanted edges.
Instead of starting from the minimum value, you can use a relatively high grayscale pixel as a starting point




Morphomathematics
1.Morphomathematical operators
-operations on binary images
-dualite
-erosion,dilation,opening,closing
-Hit or miss transform
-squelette and remplissage ( a quoi sert une squelette?)
-thinning and thickenning
-distance map based
-extraction of bord
-labelisation ( si on voulait detecter des elements qui ne sont pas connectes)
-exemple des ronds en cacahuete
-where on placaitles operations morphomath dans la chaine d'acquisition?


We can do many operations on a binary image, such as the symmetry and translation.

We can define the structuring element as a set of pixels having one origin, it can be any shape like a square or a circle.



