Hello, in this video, we are going to talk about the image cartoonization.
My name is yang, and i will do this presentation with aris, carolina and cedric.






This presentation is based on four scientific papers which bibliography will be posted in the end of the slides.
So besides the introduction and the conclusion, Our presentation will be given in three parts. 
The first part deals with filters, the second part relates the comparison between these filters and the third part concerns the generative adversarial network.




As we know, cartoons are an artistic form widely used in our daily life, like other forms of artworks, many famous cartoon
images were created  based on real-world scenes. However, manually recreating real-world scenes in cartoon styles is very
laborious and involves substantial artistic skill.
So it would be interesting to reduce human effort by using automation technology and that's what we wanna share with you today.




There are in general 2 kinds of filters that we can use for the image cartoonization, the smootherning filters and the filters using
the vector quantization methods, we will explain each of them and then make a comparison between them.





So i will start with the first kind of basic filters, the Bilateral filter.
It is a filter used for noise reducing and edge-preserving, it mainly achieves this effect through the closeness function and the similarity
function which varies between 0 and 1.
And the filtering function relations to these two functions above.
In a flat area, the difference between the pixel values ​​of adjacent pixels is small, so the similarity function tend to be 1, at this time,
the closeness function plays a major role, it is equivalent to directly performing gaussian blur on this area.
In an edge area, the difference between the pixel values of adjacent pixels is very big, so the similarity function tend to be 0, at this time,
The current pixel is basically not affected, so that the detailed information of the edge of the original image is maintained.

so BLF is used to eliminate noise which creates a cartoon effect after several iterations. 
However, BLF is  not useful in  excluding high-contrast  details, since it leaves lots of  
noise and  small regions untouched. This problem is fulfilled by the Anisotropic Filtering.
